what does he love most about you?
what did you do on your first date?
where were you when you first kissed
favourite ice cream
shoe size
what 1 to take to desert island
most annoying habit
most likely to argue about
favourite film
favourite singer
most embarrassing moment
what most likely to grab in a fire
nickname
who deals with spiders
her claim to fame
naughtiest thing he's done
favourite snack

1. Does the toilet paper go over or under the roll?

3. Can you eat breakfast for dinner?

4. Cold pizza: yes or no?

5. Is it acceptable to open presents as they arrive or do you have to wait for the actual birthday or holiday?

7. Is it acceptable to leave dishes in the sink to "soak" overnight, or do they need to be cleaned before bed?

9. Again on the toothpaste: roll it from the bottom or just squeeze really hard?

10. Are towels a one-time use item or do you use the same towel until laundry day?

11. How about washcloths?

13. What's the right thread count for sheets?

14. What brand of toilet paper?

15. Mayo or Miracle Whip?

16. Pepsi or Coke?

17. Can you eat the holiday candy out in the display bowl or must it be left there for display?

19. Turn the thermostat down when you go out or leave it alone?

20. At what point is a garbage bag too full to stuff more trash in it?

21. How many times is it acceptable to hit the snooze button?

22. Thrift store shopping: great deals or gross?

23. How far in advance is it OK to plan a vacation?

24. Restaurant reservations: necessary or too restrictive?

25. Roller coasters: love 'em or hate 'em?

26. More chocolate chips, less cookie or more cookie, less chips?

27. How much orange juice must be left in the container for it to be returned to the fridge?

28. Chip clips or just roll the bag up?

29. Call the doctor or just take some medicine at home?

31. Is it OK to have a TV in the bedroom?

32. Should folded clothes be put away, or is it OK to just pull as needed from the basket of clean laundry?

33. Do you need to write a grocery list or just wait until you're walking around the store to figure out what you need?

34. Making the bed: must-do or waste of time because you're just going to get back in it?

35. Is it OK to shave/clip toenails in the living room?

for each pair, select new, random 10 questions
remove any got right; at end, reset

A: all (default) friends, courting, engaged, married, family
C: couple (courting, engaged or married)
F: family
Randomly generate question set each time
keep history of ones wrong (cf quizMaze) and repeat until correct
	but only for current session

What kind of animal was his first pet?
What was its name?
What is his favourite music group?
Favourite meal she has cooked for you?
Worst meal she has cooked for you?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
Exact words used when proposed
Favourite part of her body
What is her favourite part of your body
What is her best attribute
What will she say your best attribute is
If you had to marry one of her friends who would it be?
If she could throw away a piece of clothing from your wardrobe what would it be
What is your most annoying habit
What is her most annoying habit
What is your favourite past time to do together?

2. What’s his favourite DVD?
3. What collar size are his shirts?
4. How often does he change his under-pants?
5. According to him, what is her worst habit?
6. Name his favourite cocktail?
7. What female movie star does he most fancy?
9. What position does he play? That is on the field ladies?
10. What was his favourite childhood pet called?
11. Which one of his relations does she like the least?
12. Which one of her relations does he like the least?
13. Name his favourite book?
14. Who was her first boyfriend?
15. How old was he when he had his first kiss?
16. What is her bra size?
17. Name her favourite alcoholic drink?
18. What famous actor does ‘he’ think he is most like? Keep it real!
19. Name his favourite underwear of hers?
20. Name the person he thinks will be most hung over after the Big Day

What were the exact words your H2B used to ask you to marry him?

Which of your guests does your H2B think is most likely to embarrass themselves at your wedding?

What us your H2B most looking forward to about married life?

What does your H2B say is your worst habit?

If your H2B had to pick the one thing he loves most about you, what would it be?

- how did you and xxx meet?

- what is your fave song?

- what is xxx's fave song?

- what are you most scared of?

- what are your bad habits?

- what are xxx's bad habits?

- what does xxx think your best feature is?

- what is xxx's best feature?

- what nicknames do you have for each other?

- what are you most looking forward to about the wedding?

- what is xxx most looking forward to about the wedding?

- what would you eat as your last meal on earth?

- what would she eat as her last meal on earth?

- what are you most looking forward to about married life?

- what is she most looking forward to about married life?

 Where was your partner born? 
- Is your partner a tidy person? 
- Does he/she like cooking? 
- Does he/she like sport? 
- What is their favourite TV programme? 
- What was your partner's first job? 
- What newspaper does he/she read? 
- What is his/her favourite place? 
- What will your partner avoid like the plague? 
- Does your partner like children? 
- How does your partner vote? 
- How does he/she like to rest? 
- What is your partner's greatest fear? 
- What do you wish you knew about your partner? 
- What is your partner's best feature? 
- If your partner could be anyone famous, who would they be? 
- What is your partner's speciality in the kitchen? 
- Where would your partner most like to go in the world? 
- What's the most embarrassing thing your partner has ever done?

What is ‘HIS’ confirmation name?
What shirt collar size does ‘HE’ wear?
What kind of animal was his first pet?
What was the name of his favourite childhood pet?
What is his favourite music group?
What was his first album/cd he brought?
What was his first album/cd he brought?
What was the first movie they saw together?
What is his favourite meal that the bride has made?
What Female movie/TV star does ‘HE’ fancy?
How old was he when he had his first kiss?
What bra size does she take? (no peeking)
What day did he say is their anniversary?
What were his exact words when he proposed?
What is his favourite Ruby/Soccer Team?
What is his favourite car?
What famous movie/TV star does ‘HE’ think he is most like?
What is his favourite lingerie of hers?
Who will be the most hung over after the wedding?
What does he like best about his “bride to be”

1. How many times a week does your partner empty the dishwasher?
A. Once
B. 2 – 5 Times
C. Every Day
D. Never!!!
2. Who from the following list of women would your partner take on a date?
A. Catherine Zeta Jones
B. Cameron Diaz
C. Katy Price
D. Fearne Cotton
3. What is your partner’s favourite choice of curry?
_____________________
4. How does your partner like his coffee?
A. Black
B. Cappuccino
C. Latte
D. White
5. Who slices the turkey at Christmas?
1. Has your partner ever been to a palm reader?
_____________________
2. What is your partner’s preferred sleeping position?
A. On Her Side
B. On Her Back
C. On Her Front
D. Doesn’t Have One

3. What type of shoes has your partner got the most of?
A. Boots
B. Sandals
C. High Heeled Shoes
D. Trainers
4. Name her favourite animal?
_____________________
5. How would your partner keep her hair dry in wet weather?
A. Wear A Hat
B. Put Her Hood Up
C. Umbrella
D. Leave It To Get Wet

1. Where was your partner born?
3. Is your partner a tidy person?
4. Does he/she like cooking?
5. Does he/she like sport?
6. What is their favourite TV programme?
7. What was your partner's first job?
8. How much does your partner earn now?
9. What newspaper does he/she read?
10. What is his/her favourite place?
11. What will your partner avoid like the plague?
12. Did he/she have a happy childhood?
13. How many children does he/she want?
14. Does your partner like children?
15. How does your partner vote?
17. What time of day is your partner at his/her best?
18. Hoe does he/she like to rest?
19. What is your partner's greatest fear?
20. What do you wish you knew about your partner?
21. What is your partner's best feature?
22. If your partner could be anyone famous, who would they be?
23. What is your partner's speciality in the kitchen?
24. Where would your partner most like to go in the world?
25. What's the most embarrassing thing your partner has ever done?

Q: Did you have a childhood nick-name?
What is her nick name for him?
What does he think her bra size is  
What was his first job?
What animal was her first pet & what was it’s name?
Who is more likely to deal with a spider?
On his stag night would she rather he went to a strip club or got arrested?
What is her claim to fame?
Who will be the most hung over after the wedding?
On her hen do would he rather she ran around town with her knickers on her head, or fell asleep on the dance floor
What is her best joke or impression
Which Celebrity does he have a crush on?
What is she most scared of?
What was the naughtiest thing he ever did at school?

What’s your favorite flavour of ice cream?
What’s your shoe size?
If you could take one thing to a desert island what would be?
What was your first job?
If you were on ‘Who Wants to be a Millionaire’, who would your phone a friend be?
What is X’s most annoying habit?
What is the most embarrassing thing X has ever done?
